sound I possible
hey this is Trey with Fandango and you
can always find a sweet ride in a
Stephanie Meyer movie and the host is no
exception I had a chance to talk to the
cast about who's the best kisser alien
invaders and the most unique love
triangle ever to be put on film you know
your your role is so complex and I think
about this you know it's a character
within a character yeah talk about a
little bit about having to have
conversations with yourself crazy people
do that in quarters but crazy people do
that well I do that lot on my own I talk
to myself a lot so I actually found it
quite natural to do and they thought it
would be a bit of a challenge just
because I was gonna be in front of you
know Andhra people on set but it was
great I mean we went into the sound
studio before we started shooting and we
recorded all of Melanie's video and then
you know we used an earpiece I was gonna
be alright
so I could listen to the dialogue that I
had recorded a few weeks prior and I
could react to that and I can play off
it this is the beginning of a love story
and that might not seem like a big deal
except for one thing this is the future
and humanity is all but extinct
leave it to Stephanie to kind of create
a very complicated love story here for
you guys and dude no Jake your your your
characters in love with the alien Gretch
so do we look at that as a sense of kind
of being in love less with the physical
sense and more of a spiritual I think I
think that's partially that's one of the
topics Stephanie wanted to bring up and
tell him that sort of tale is that a
physical vessel is just sort of by
happenstance er it's the person it's the
beam it's the slippery thing inside that
really captures my attention the way she
behaves her kindness her sensitivity um
yeah can I ask you a question nobody
wants to ask yeah do you think if Souls
put into a deeply deeply deeply
unattractive body what do you still feel
the same about it yes good question
that is a good question Ian would woody
he would yo cuz he loves her such a good
girl he is a good guy we just want to
playing him so max you're obviously
after the physical side that back then
she's the first female you've seen in
two years so yeah anything's pretty any
no I think you're a Jared deeply loves
Melanie which causes his response when
she comes back to the cave with Wonder
right because at that point we believe
that once once the body's taken over the
the original person is completely erased
it is the enemy don't forget it you
don't feel bad at all
I have killed her doesn't matter it's
not human so we stop act inhuman
your character you play the seeker or
that yeah the main chatter what was it
like kind of playing the villain at
least we the villain you got all these
twists and turns yeah I mean what
initially attracted me to it was it is
such a complex character actually
because you think she's one thing and
then she's something else so there it
was neat to be able to implant little
things into the performance along the
way that may seem odd and then you know
at the end you understand why human
bodies take a lot of getting used to
they're not like the others we haven't
habited their emotions are powerful if
her will has survived along with a
memory she may resist from within you
know I heard you say and I thought at
least I thought I heard you say that you
didn't think this would translate to
film oh I thought it was impossible oh
um when when I wrote it you know and and
I was writing at while I was editing the
Twilight series and and the movie were
just picking up and so it wasn't
something that was in the front of my
mind but um I went to tribally we
started doing so well and people were
saying oh maybe I'll make the hosts in
two minutes like I can't be done
the whole movie happens inside one
person's head right but sure do
something like really like black stage
with to care just talking to the side
the baby it's just it felt like it was
impossible um but then there were some
people who were able to like visualize
it and into a way that was possible
although maybe when I was Hershey Rosen
it wouldn't be possible I'm not sure you
have your cake and eat it too in this
movie I know you do you get both guys
you know Wanda and Melanie are working
together on this yeah exactly
I mean full-on makeout scenes with both
those guys they've both got lovely lips
okay you've got a lip here in the pier
and they're very good kissers okay both
of them and they're very talented actors
I miss everything about her and I would
do anything to get her back I gotta know
he's Mellon Hitler
you